Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
manux_vehicleHP4x4TruckPlaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,High-Power 4x4 Truck,,,,,
manux_vehicleHP4x4Truck,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,High-Power 4x4 Truck,,,,,
manux_vehicleHP4x4TruckDesc,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,"A faster, more powerful 4x4",,,,,
manux_vehicleQuadPlaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Manux's Quad,,,,,
manux_vehicleQuad,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,Manux's Quad,,,,,
manux_vehicleQuadDesc,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,What would be the Apocalypse without a Quad.,,,,,
manux_bigEngine,items,Part,EnChanged,High-Power Engine,,,,,
manux_bigEngineDesc,items,Part,EnChanged,"A bigger, more powerful engine for your special vehicles.",,,,,
manux_vehicleHellGoatBikePlaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Manux's HellGoat Bike,,,,,
manux_vehicleHellGoatBike,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,Manux's HellGoat Bike,,,,,
manux_vehicleHellGoatBikeDesc,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,"The fastest and most agile vehicle. Perfect to cover long distances quicker, or have fun in the mountains.",,,,,
manux_vehicleRoadHogPlaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Dust2Death's RoadHog,,,,,
manux_vehicleRoadHog,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,Dust2Death's RoadHog,,,,,
manux_vehicleRoadHogDesc,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,A faster version of the MotorCycle.,,,,,
manux_vehicleCarChassis,items,Part,EnChanged,Car Chassis,,,,,
manux_vehicleCarChassisDesc,items,Part,EnChanged,Chassis needed to craft Cars.,,,,,
manux_vehicleCarAccessories,items,Part,EnChanged,Car Accessories,,,,,
manux_vehicleCarAccessoriesDesc,items,Part,EnChanged,Accessories needed to craft Cars.,,,,,
manux_vehicleCicadaCarPlaceable,vehicles,item,EnChanged,Manux's Cicada Car,,,,,
manux_vehicleCicadaCar,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,Manux's Cicada Car,,,,,
manux_vehicleCicadaCarDesc,vehicles,vehicle,EnChanged,"Not the fastest vehicle, but it has a lot of Storage.",,,,,